Playing the Game

Setup

1

Each player takes a quilt board, a time token, and
5 buttons (as currency). Keep the remaining buttons
on the table within easy reach.

2
Place the time board
in the center of the
table.

3

Place your time tokens on
the starting space of the
time board.
The player who last used
a needle goes first.

You are now
ready to play!

8

B: Take and Place a Patch

In this game, players do not necessarily alternate taking turns. The player whose time token is the
furthest behind on the time board takes their turn. This may result in a player taking multiple turns
in a row, before their opponent can take one.

This action comprises 5 steps that you must carry out in the following order:

If both time tokens are on the same space, the player whose token is on top goes first.

You can choose from the three patches in front of the neutral token (in clockwise order). (If these are
too expensive or you do not want to purchase any of them, you must choose action A instead.)
In this example, you can choose from the
3 highlighted patches. You cannot choose
any other patch at the moment.

It is Andrea‘s turn (lime green).
Unless she advances her time
token more than 3 spaces, she may
immediately take another turn.

2. Move the Neutral Token
Place the neutral token next to the chosen patch.

7
Place the special
patches on the
marked spaces of
the time board.

4

On your turn, perform one of the following actions:
A: Advance and Receive Buttons
or

Place the (regular)
patches in a circle
around the time
board.

Locate the smallest patch
(i.e., the patch of size 1x2)
and place the neutral token
between this patch and the
next patch in clockwise order.

Advance your time token on the time board so that it occupies the space directly in front of your
opponent’s time token. Receive 1 button (i.e., one 1-button tile) for each space you advance.

6
Set the special
tile aside.

3. Pay for the Patch
Return the indicated number
of buttons to the supply.

B: Take and Place a Patch

A: Advance and Receive Buttons

5

1. Choose a Patch

Each label
indicates how
many buttons
you must pay to
take the patch.
4. Place the Patch on Your Quilt Board

Andrea advances her time token 4 spaces,
so that it is now in front of the yellow time
token. She receives 4 buttons for that.

The patches on your quilt board cannot overlap. You may turn the patch any way you like
before placing it on your quilt board.

End of the game
5. Move Your Time Token
Advance your time token on the time
board by the number of spaces indicated on the label.

This patch requires you
advance your time token
2 spaces.

Scoring

If your time token ends up on the same
space as your opponent‘s time token,
place your token on top of it.

Count the number of buttons you have left, adding the value of the special tile if you have it.
Subtract 2 points from your score for each empty space of your quilt board.

The Time Board

The player with the highest score wins. In case of a tie, the player who reached the final space
of the time board first wins.

Regardless of the action you take, you must advance your time token on the time board. Some
spaces of the time board are marked. Whenever you move past one of those spacess, resolve the
corresponding event:

Special Patch:
Take the special patch, if still available, and place it on your
quilt board immediately. The special patches are the only
way to “patch” single spaces of your quilt board.

Button Income:

The game ends after both time tokens reach the last space of the time board. If a time token were to move
past the last space, it simply stops on the last space. When taking action A, you receive buttons only for
the actual number of spaces moved.

Receive a number
of buttons
according to the
patches on your
quilt board.

Example:
Doris and Andrea are playing. At the end of the game, Doris has 14 buttons left and she has the special
tile. There are 5 empty spaces left on her quilt board. Her final score is 11 points.
(14 + 7 – 10 (5x2) = 11)
Andrea has 18 buttons left and only 2 empty spaces on her quilt board. She wins with 14 points.

The first player to completely fill (at least) a 7x7 square of spaces on
their quilt board receives the special tile, which is worth 7 points.

Patchwork is a form of needlework that involves sewing together pieces of fabric into a larger design. In the
past, it was a way to make use of leftover pieces of cloth to create clothing and quilts. Today, patchwork is a
form of art, in which the designers use precious fabrics to create beautiful textiles. The use of uneven pieces of
fabric in particular can result in real masterpieces and is therefore being practiced by a large number of textile
artists.
Creating a beautiful quilt, however, requires effort and time, especially if the available patches just cannot fit
together. So choose your patches carefully and keep a healthy supply of buttons to not only finish your quilt, but
to make it better and more beautiful than your opponent‘s.

Components
1 Neutral Token

About this anNiversary Edition
You receive 3 buttons
for these patches each
time you receive button
income.

© 2018 Lookout GmbH
Elsheimer Straße 23
55270 Schwabenheim
Germany
www.lookout-games.de

Editior: Grzegorz Kobiela
Patterns: Carrie Cantwell
and Cecilia Mok
Design: atelier198

For rules questions and suggestions, please contact us at:
rules@lookout-games.de
For missing pieces or damaged parts, please contact your point of purchase.
For all other concerns, please find help at:
https://lookout-spiele.de/en/contact.php

© 2024 Lookout GmbH
Distributed in the United States by:
Asmodee North America
1995 West Country Road B2,
Roseville
MN 55113, U.S.A.
www.asmodeena.com

Imported and distributed
in the UK by:
Esdevium Games Ltd –
trading as Asmodee UK
6 Waterbrook Road, Alton,
Hampshire GU34 2UD

Distributed by / Distribué au:
Asmodee Canada
31 rue de la Cooperative
Rigaud, QC, Canada
J0P 1P0

24 Automa Cards
(see extra rulebook)
2 Time Tokens (lime green and yellow)

10 years ago, Uwe Rosenberg‘s ingenious Patchwork had kicked off a whole new genre of board games. Today
board game enthusiasts from all over the world are fitting pieces together to create beautiful patchwork quilts.
This anniversary edition is our way to celebrate with you by providing new patterns and the popular Automa
deck, which allows you to play Patchwork even if no one‘s around.
Designer: Uwe Rosenberg

The Special Tile

10 year Anniversary edition

5 Special Patches (leather patches)

1 Main Time Board
(Double-sided: the
two sides differ
only in appearance.
Choose which side
you like better.)

1 Special Tile

2 Quilt Boards
(1 per player)
33 Patches

Button Tiles
32 1-Button Tiles
12 5-Buttons Tiles
5 10-Buttons Tiles
1 20-Buttons Tile

