Setup

1

In this game, you do not necessarily alternate between turns. The player whose time token is the furthest
behind on the time board takes his turn. This may result in a player taking multiple turns in a row before
his opponent can take one.

Each player takes a quilt board, a time token and
5 buttons (as currency). Keep the remaining buttons
on the table close at hand.

If both time tokens are on the same space, the player whose token is on top goes ﬁrst.

Place the central
time board in the
middle of the table.

3

Place your time tokens on
the starting space of the
time board.
The player who last used a
needle begins.

8

This action consists of 5 steps that must be carried out in the given order:
1. Choose a Patch
You can choose from the three patches in front of the neutral token (in clockwise order).
In this example, you can choose from the
3 marked patches. You cannot choose
any other patch at the moment.
2. Move the Neutral Token
Place the neutral token next to the chosen patch.

7
Place the special
patches on the
marked spaces of
the time board.

4

On your turn, you carry out one of the following actions:
A: Advance and Receive Buttons

6
Lay out the
special tile.

3. Pay for the Patch
Pay the depicted number of buttons to the supply.

or
B: Take and Place a Patch

A: Advance and Receive Buttons

Place the (regular)
patches in a circle or
oval around the time
board.

Locate the smallest patch, i.e. the
patch of size 1x2, and place the
neutral token between this patch
and the next patch in clockwise
order.

It is the lime green player’s turn. Unless her time token moves more than
3 spaces forward, she may immediately take another turn.

Now you are
ready to go!

2

5

B: Take and Place a Patch

Course of Play

Move your time token on the time board so that it occupies the space directly in front of your opponent’s
time token. You receive 1 button (i.e. a button tile of value 1) per space you moved your time token.

The lime green player moves her time token
4 spaces forward so that it is now in front of
the yellow time token. She receives 4 buttons
for that.

The label indicates the number of
buttons to pay for
the patch.

4. Place the Patch on Your Quilt Board
The patches on your quilt board may not
overlap. You may turn the patch any way you
like before placing it on your quilt board.

End of the Game
5. Move Your Time Token
Move your time token on the time board
by a number of spaces as depicted on the
label.

This patch requires you
move your time token by
2 spaces.

If your time token ends up on the same
space as your opponent‘s time token,
place your token on top of it.

The game ends after both time tokens reach the last space of the time board. If a time token were to
move past the last space, it simply stops on the last space. In case of action A, you only receive buttons
for the actual number of spaces moved.

Scoring
Determine the number of buttons you have left, adding the value of the special tile if available.
From this score, subtract 2 points for each empty space of your quilt board.

The Time Board
Regardless of the action you take, you always move your time token on the time board. Some spaces
of the time board are marked. Whenever you move onto or past one of those spaces, resolve the
corresponding event:

Special Patch:
Take the special patch and place it on your quilt board immediately.
The special patches are the only way to “patch” single spaces of your
quilt board.

The player with the highest score wins. In case of a tie, the player who got to the ﬁnal space of the
time board ﬁrst wins.
Example:
Doris and Andrea are playing. At the end of the game, Doris has 14 buttons left and she got the special
tile. There are 5 empty spaces left on her quilt board. Her ﬁnal score is 11 points.
(14 + 7 – 10 (5x2) = 11)
Andrea has 18 buttons left and only 2 empty spaces on her quilt board. She wins with 14 points.

Patchwork is a form of needlework that involves sewing together pieces of fabric into a larger design. In the
past, it was a way to make use of leftover pieces of cloth to create clothing and quilts. Today, patchwork is a
form of art, in which the designers use precious fabrics to create beautiful textiles. The use of uneven pieces of
fabric in particular can result in real masterpieces and is therefore being practiced by a large number of textile
artists.
To create a beautiful quilt, however, requires eﬀort and time, but the available patches just do not want to ﬁt
together. So choose your patches carefully and keep a healthy supply of buttons to not only ﬁnish your quilt, but
to make it better and more beautiful than your opponent‘s.

Components
1 neutral token

Button Income:

You receive a number
of buttons according to
the patches on your quilt
board.

You will receive 2 buttons for
this patch every time you receive
button income.

time tokens (lime green and yellow)

Editors: Stefan Stadler & Rolf Raupach
Graphic Design: Klemens Franz | atelier198

The Special Tile
The ﬁrst player to completely ﬁll a 7x7 square of spaces on his quilt
board receives the special tile, which is worth 7 points.

5 special patches (leather patches)

Designer: Uwe Rosenberg

Translation: Grzegorz Kobiela

© 2014 Lookout GmbH
Hiddigwarder Straße 37,
D- 27804 Berne, Germany.

MAYFAIR GAMES
www.mayfairgames.com
Mayfair Games, Inc
8060 St. Louis Ave.
Skokie, IL 60076

1 central time board
(two-sided; the two
sides only diﬀer in
appearance - choose
the one you like better)

1 special tile

2 quilt boards
(1 per player)
33 patches

button tiles
32 “1 button” tiles
12 “5 buttons” tiles
5 “10 buttons” tiles
1 “20 buttons” tile

